[WHOOSHING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[DIGITAL MUSIC]
>> I'm Robert Grant, and
this is the "Code X."
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Let's talk about the
Vitruvian Man again.
Leonardo da Vinci left us
this enigmatic encryption
in which we've already
found very strong,
pointing indications to
the Great Pyramid of Giza.
We also found within it, in
the upper right-hand corner,
the number 126, which transforms
the major third in music
and just tuning
into a viable tuning
standard of absolute
perfection geometrically.
We call this precise
temperament tuning.
And it was directly related
to the Cube of Delos
and doubling a cube,
because that's the ratio
that you must expand the side of
a cube by to double its volume,
allowing us to know
double octaves perfectly.
What else did we find
inside the Vitruvian Man?
We also found that each
of the horizontal lines
within the Vitruvian Man
that were left deliberately
by Leonardo point us directly
to each chamber at the floor
level that already exists
within the Great Pyramid,
both at the subterranean chamber
as well as at the ground level,
all the way up to the
King's Chamber and inclusive
of the Queen's Chamber, pointing
us also to other chambers
that are yet to be
discovered but already known
that the next one exists.
Due to the Scan Pyramid
Project that occurred in 2017,
we know that right next
to the throat chakra line
that da Vinci left us is a new
chamber yet to be discovered.
We, internally, amongst
our own research team,
have called that
particular chamber
the Chamber of Theodoras
at the throat chakra.
It is preceded, we believe,
by an ascending passage
that we've also lovingly
named the Magnum Opus Chamber
or Magnum Opus Gallery.
We believe that we are now on
the precipice of a major shift
in human awareness
and consciousness,
that that shift
in human awareness
is coming principally because
of our own realization
and remembrance of who we are
as a species, as an individual,
and collectively.
Science and spirituality are not
juxtaposed against each other
in this new world but
rather, complementary.
One serves the other.
And in order to achieve higher
degrees of understanding
and awareness in science
and mathematics, the queen
of the sciences,
that the answers lie
within through our own
spiritual conscious expansion.
One of the things that
is really powerful to me,
when I looked at
the Vitruvian Man,
was to understand why Leonardo
left us the square that he
did if we assume that the radius
is one unit of his circle.
Then the value for the
circle's area is pi r squared.
So 1 times 1, r
squared, times pi
would yield a value in
the area of 3.1415926535.
And of course, it's
an infinite value
called a transcendental
irrational number.
But if we look at the square
value area that he drew,
the value actually comes
out to be 2.718281828, also
a transcendental
irrational value.
You might recognize
that number as being
the transcendental
mathematical constant
called the Euler number.
Euler is the value that
determines all limitation
on all wave propagation.
It determines compound
interest growth.
It determines all
exponential growth
in the universe and
natural logarithms.
This is a very, very
important number that
was discovered by Isaac Newton.
But wait.
Here for more than 200 years
inside one enigmatic piece
of art, Leonardo
da Vinci left us
the value of the
Euler number hidden
inside of his disproportionate
square and circle.
Actually, you could
make an argument
that his value
area for Euler is,
in fact, the correct
value for the square,
because both Euler and
pi combined together
to form the number
3, the simplicity
of the equilateral triangle.
Here's how.
Pi multiplied by 2/3 plus
Euler multiplied by 1/3
equals the integer 3.
So Leonardo gave us a square
that has the value of Euler
and also gave us a circle
that has the value of pi.
Is he pointing to
this triangle that's
hidden between the
combination of the two,
flanking the number
and integer 3?
I believe that he is, and I
believe that triangle directly
represents the introduction
of the hidden divine.
The integer 3 is a
very powerful number
on so many levels
representing so many
different esoteric, mystical,
and spiritual meanings,
the most important
of which has to be
the notion of the Trinity.
But what else is da Vinci
trying to tell us here?
For if we raise the square to
the center of the circle, well,
we notice that the exact
location of a centered square
over that circle
reveals the location
of a pentagon inscribed within
the circle inscribed also
within a hexagon.
For the centered square
over the same circle
will also inform another
circle exoscribed around it
that will be
identical in position
to a hexagon inscribed
within that outer circle.
Where else can we see this
notion of 5 and 6 yet again?
On the Great Pyramid
and its construction,
including the use of the foot,
the cubit, and the meter.
And you'll recall that all three
of those units of measure sum
to the number 6.
And when we subtract 1 foot from
it, we are at the value of 5.
And 6 feet minus the
Euler number of 2.718
is magically yielding us an
exact value for the meter.
I thought the meter
was only something that
was brought to us by
the French sometime
in the late 18th century.
Clearly, it has been known
for much, much longer.
For, as we saw in the King's
Chamber, the perimeter
of the King's Chamber itself is
precisely pi times 10 meters.
And the entrance into the King's
Chamber is also 1 meter high.
Coincidence?
I don't believe in
coincidences anymore.
As we look more deeply
into this, however,
we'll notice one other thing
sticks out dramatically.
And that is that the
association of the 5 and 6
is most closely associated
with one Platonic geometry
in particular.
Platonic geometries are the
following, the tetrahedron,
which looks like a triangle
in third-dimensional form.
Then we move on to the cube.
The cube, of course,
is simply the cube
with a sum of angles of 2,160
degrees, the tetrahedron having
720 degrees.
Then we go on to the
next Platonic solid,
which will be the
octahedron, having a sum
of angles of 1,440 degrees.
And then on to the next, which
is the icosahedron, which
has 20 sides of 180
degrees each, bringing
the total of the angular
interior sum to 3,600 degrees,
a unification of the circle
at 10 times 360 degrees.
And then rounding out
the Platonic solids,
we have the
dodecahedron which has
12 sides, each being pentagons.
And the sum of angles of the
dodecahedron is 6,480 degrees.
Now, the icosahedron
holds a very special place
and a direct relationship to
this notion of the 5 and 6.
First of all, it
is made exclusively
of equilateral triangles, this
divine form of the number 3.
And yet when we look
at the icosahedron,
we can see it very directly
as either a pentagonal form,
or we will see it
as a hexagonal form.
In this one Platonic solid,
we can shift our perspectives
simply and easily
transitioning from pentagon
in three-dimensional
form to hexagon
in three-dimensional form.
It's a fascinating structure
upon which so much in the world
is predicated.
The world is mainly
covered in water,
and our bodies are also mainly
water with more than 70%
of our bodies comprised
of water, H2O,
with a beautiful angle that
connects the two oxygen
molecules onto the
hydrogen at 108 degrees.
Our world would not exist
as a life-sustaining planet
without the advent
of the icosahedron.
The icosahedron is the
representation not only
anciently, but today
of water clusters.
It was known and believed
back in the days of Plato
that water was the form and
structure of icosahedron.
Not only is water that form
in shape, so is our DNA.
Our DNA is built up of pentagons
merging and abutting up
against hexagon forms.
In fact, all nucleotide
pair relationships
are the exact same thing.
And nucleotide pairs are
the foundational basis
of all of our biology which
is founded upon and predicated
upon our own DNA
and RNA processes.
Adenine pairs with thymine,
guanine pairs with cytosine,
adenine will pair with uracil
in the transfer RNA process.
Each of these
nucleotide pairings
which make up the construct of
all life on Earth and arguably,
all potential of life
anywhere in the universe,
is founded on the same
principle of the 5 and the 6.
But water has this dihedral
angle of 108 degrees.
That number seems to
ring a bell, doesn't it?
Well, 108 times 2 is 216,
and 216 doubled again
to its next octave is 432.
And 432 doubled to its
next octave is 864.
The 4.32-inch circle that da
Vinci left us is representative
of the sun itself, which
miraculously has a 432,000-mile
radius.
Where are all these
numbers coming from?
It seems that they
have some common root
value that is always
relational to the number 27.
27 is 3 to the third power.
3 times 3 times 3 equals 27.
But 27 then multiplied by 2
to its differential powers
and exponential
values is yielding
this exactly consistent
harmonic thread that
goes all throughout
the universe and yields
an understanding for us of the
backing of the architecture
behind mass, and
scale, and velocity,
and everything
that we experience
in this world around
us, as we can now
start to see through the veil of
this incredible matrix of mind,
and number, and geometry.
So let's look at
some other sizes.
What is the size of the moon?
Have you ever considered
that the moon and the sun
are very, very special in their
orientation to each other?
One proof of this is
that we have an eclipse.
A complete solar eclipse is
possible here on this planet.
We're the only planet
in our solar system
that has this solar eclipse.
And isn't it fascinating
that the scale of the moon
is precisely the same size
as the scale of the sun
as we are observing it in the
heavens from here on Earth?
This is why it's
even possible for us
to experience a
total solar eclipse.
In order for that to happen,
statistically, let's look
at probabilities for a moment.
What would it
require for us to be
able to see a perfect
solar eclipse?
Well, first of all, based on
whatever distance the Earth
is from the sun, it would
have to be an equal distance
to the equal size differential
of the diameter of the two
objects.
So in other words,
the sun would have
to be exactly 400 times
farther away from Earth
than the moon is from Earth.
The moon sits at roughly
240,000 miles in distance
from the Earth.
The sun, however,
is 93 million miles
in its distance from the Earth.
Now, interestingly, if
we double that number
of 93 million miles, we
end up at the same value
again for 4.32 squared,
where the value
moves to 186 billion miles.
And that, again, is telling
us the speed of light.
Just another
coincidence to consider
is that the Earth's
traveling in its orbit
around the sun at
a speed of just
under 67,000 miles per hour.
Now that's fascinating because
that speed, if we convert it
down into miles per
second, comes out
to be precisely 18.6
miles per second
or exactly 10,000 times slower
than the speed of light itself.
Look at this incredible
harmony of the spheres
that we experience day
in and day out if we but
start to notice the encryption
and the pattern that
underlies it.
So the sun must be 400
times larger than the moon
to have this experience of a
solar eclipse here on Earth.
The moon's diameter
is 2,160 miles.
There's that number again.
2,160 times 2 is 4,320 miles.
Don't forget that the radius
of the sun is 432,000 miles.
This makes the moon's diameter
exactly 400 times smaller
than the sun's diameter.
And its distance is
exactly 400 times
closer to Earth for the moon to
Earth versus the sun's distance
to the Earth.
That's pretty incredible.
Da Vinci left all of these
numbers hidden inside
of his inch unit
value measurements
of the Vitruvian Man, making the
sun or circle in his Vitruvian
Man illustration a
diameter at 8.64 inches,
making as well the
circumference of the circle
equal to the sun's, which is
approximately between 2.714
million miles and
2.72 million miles,
making it approximately
the Euler number.
So this transcendental
irrational number
that we call the
Euler number has
been hidden inside
the circumference
of the sun and its mile value?
That's pretty incredible.
And just to take it one step
further, if I were creating
a system of time, I would
probably want my time system
somehow to associate
with my orbital position
and entire orbital process
around that structure
that we call the sun.
So is it just a
coincidence that we
have 86,400 seconds in one day?
These numbers are
harmonic relationships.
We find them over
and over again.
We can even break
down the distances
between the planets
and the sun and
between each other
as always being
relational to these
harmonic structures.
Even the planet Jupiter, which
approximately has just over
4,320 days for its annual
cycle around the sun and also
possesses a 43,200-mile radius
when we average the polar
radius as well as the
equatorial radius.
We also notice that
it, of course, then
has a doubling of that for
its diameter of 86,400 miles.
All of these numbers
you will find showing up
on the same chart
of two to its powers
multiplied by 3 to
the third power.
They're always bringing us
back to a particular note.
And that note in hertz
frequency is A, alpha.
Isn't it beautiful?
If the moon has a
diameter of 2,160 miles,
then wouldn't it also have
a radius of 1,080 miles?
And in fact, it
does, the same 108
that relates back to
water and its angle that
connects the oxygen to
the hydrogen to form H2O.
Is it any wonder,
then, that we've long
associated water in relationship
to the moon and the feminine?
The icosahedron is
the form and structure
of the Age of Aquarius.
The understanding that the
Vitruvian Man is actually
encapsulated within the
structure of the water molecule
and the cluster of water
is an astounding revelation
foretelling of this new Age
of Aquarius, the Water Bearer.
If we look at the legs that
are spread out by the Vitruvian
Man, it looks very similar to
the same structure and form
of the Water Bearer as we
look at it in the night sky,
the constellation of Aquarius.
In the Bible, at
the Last Supper,
Jesus speaks of this
coming age and tells
the apostles to seek after.
They will know that this
time has come when they
can find a man bearing water.
It was very uncommon for a
man to be carrying and bearing
water in the days
of ancient Israel,
and yet Jesus
points out the need
to look for such a character
as a revelation of the new age
being upon us.
Another thing that we did
is, I took this analysis
even another step further.
Beyond the three-dimensional
form of icosahedron,
I also wanted to see what
the relationships would
be between a cube and
a sphere, and then
taking that to a
fourth-dimensional form
of a tesseract to a
hypersphere, and then
an even more complex form
of polytope and tesseract
in the fifth-dimensional form.
And I compared the volumes
of each of those structures,
replacing the
squaring of the circle
with the concepts of
cubing of the sphere.
And some very astounding
things came out.
One of the values, as I looked
at this in the third dimension,
was the relationship
between the two
was yielding exactly the
royal Egyptian cubit.
And even possibly
more importantly,
in the fifth
dimensional analysis
of volume of the tesseract
versus a very complex
hypersphere, the relationship
was none other than 7,920,
another number you'll
find on the same matrix.
This number, however,
represents the Earth.
7,920 miles is the
diameter of our Earth.
That makes the radius of
the Earth 3,960 miles.
396?
Didn't Nikola Tesla tell us
that the secrets of the universe
were in the numbers 3, 6, and 9?
And here we are,
sitting on planet Earth,
and it's right beneath our feet?
3,960 miles is precisely
our radius value.
Have we been living in a world
with all these secrets hidden
in plain sight, hidden so they
could be found by each of us,
not by the work of
others but on our own?
We would never want to be
robbed of the opportunity
to find these
profound realizations
through our own efforts.
They're not hidden because
someone's conspired against us.
They're hidden because
we wanted to find them.
And when we do, it leads
to a greater realization
and remembrance of
who we actually are.
And as we continue to
decrypt the messages
from the Renaissance
scholars and polymaths,
we find hidden gems
like the nature of music
and mathematical constants in
the relationship with geometry.
We also now know the importance
of doubling the size and volume
of a cube is really just
a metaphor for us doubling
our own octave of experience.
But in so doing, we discovered
a new type of musical tuning
called precise temperament
tuning, all pointing back
to a simple, and beautiful, and
yet majestic and sophisticated
universal language of
geometry and mathematics.
The geometry is simply the
nexus between math and music.
When we understand this, we
see that the universe around us
is actually a true
harmony of spheres.
By combining these
understandings
with our own evolutionary
process towards higher
consciousness, we can realize
changes in our own biology
and recognize psychologically
our own gaps and blind spots,
that those things that we
believe that we're projecting
to the outside world are,
in fact, just another part
of our duality experience.
Experiencing oneness
within ourselves
is the answer to experience
oneness outside of ourselves.
The Rosecrucian polymaths,
including Shakespeare
and many others that represented
Shakespeare through his pen
name have all
pushed us and taught
us the same philosophies
and key learnings,
that the balance
of the heart-mind
is where we will get
our greatest benefit.
We also found that even
those things that we believed
are arbitrary measurements
like the foot,
the meter, the second, all
of the things that we believe
have just been chosen by
mankind throughout history
from an arbitrary
perspective are not in fact
arbitrary at all.
They are mathematical
constants that
are embedded as ratios within
this ratio-based universe.
The divine is represented by
this merger of the 5 and the 6,
and the separation between the
two is what makes it divine,
the return to one.
We also learned about
the alchemical marriage
and what it means for us to go
through the process of alchemy
through the steps of nigredo,
albedo, citrinidas, rubedo, as
well as the phoenix stage.
The rubedo stage includes
the alchemical marriage,
the union of the
left and right brains
and the emergence
of heart awareness.
This has also been personified
in the incredible discoveries
that have been made
very recently related
to the "Salvator
Mundi," pointing us
yet again to the alpha
and omega and answering
the questions irrevocably of
the authorship of the "Salvator
Mundi."
It also has led us to great
and deep questions related
to the Sphinx and
in particular, what
might be under its left paw.
Additionally, we found that four
paintings have now pushed us
to look into greater connections
between those paintings
by Leonardo into Egypt and
the Great Pyramids with both
the Vitruvian Man,
"The Last Supper,"
as well as the "La
Belle Ferronniere,"
and including the
"Salvator Mundi" paintings,
all driving us in the direction
of Egypt through ancient
symbology and pointing very
irrevocably and directly
to a 51.843-degree angle,
which is the representation
of the Great Pyramid.
We also learned about
the philosopher's stone
and why this highly sought after
philosopher's stone is actually
just found within the
ring cell crystals that
are formed over time,
relative to our own purity,
that these rings cell
stones grow within us as we
become philosophers,
that philosophy
is a result of our efforts.
We also talked
about the importance
of learning to draw geometry
by hand, that as we move
into heart-brain
awareness, we'll
notice that all of our
creations are equally balanced
between science and art.
We also can see the true
method of being able to square
the circle in all ways, without
having to use the aid of any
measurement, and thus, achieve
an ancient 3,000-plus-year-old
conundrum by Greek
mathematicians of squaring
the circle, each and every
one of us has the opportunity
to learn who we.
We hope that you
continue to join us
for this journey in your
own personal mission
of self-discovery.
This is the "Code X."
Thank you.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]